Fix/123 model deployment node selector (#1)
odahu/node-selector-webhook: README.md

> This repository contains webhook for kubernetes that assign 
> a node selector to pods in specific namespace
> 
> ### How it works
> 
> Webhook monitor all pods in namespaces that 
> labeled by "odahu/node-selector-webhook" (label should exists)
> and add configured tolerations and node selector for all pods 

Reviewer: Typos fixed.

```suggestion
This repository contains webhook for kubernetes that assigns 
a node selector to pods in specific namespace

### How it works

Webhook monitors all pods in namespaces that 
labeled by "odahu/node-selector-webhook" (label should exist)
and adds configured tolerations and node selector for all pods 
```
